Short Description:

* Write a program that will allow a player to play a number puzzle. There are eight numbers 1 through 8 arranged random on a board with 9 cells (one is vacant). 
* User can move only to an adjacent empty cell, only one number at a time. 
* The objective is to make the player to arrange the numbers in ascending order. 
* Once the player is done, report the number of moves.
* Implement a simple command-line application where you present the state of the cells and ask the user to input the moves

Goal 

The 8 Puzzle is is to play  on a 3-by-3 grid with 8 square blocks labeled 1 through 8 and a blank square.
The goal or objective is to rearrange the blocks so that they are in ascending order.

User stories:

As a programmer I want to create a board with 9 cells that  allow the  player to play a number puzzle
As a programmer I want to ensure one cell is vacant so that the player can move the numbers to continue the puzzle
As a programmer I want to ensure that player is allowed to move cells to adjecent side with only one number at a time and ensure movement is not to the diagnals
As a programmer I want to ensure that the board is fill with 8 cells out of 9 so that the player can make moves  
As a programmer I want to ensure the player to arrange numbers in ascending order in the puzzle so that the player can complete the puzzle
As a programmer I want to report the number of moves that the player has attempted to complete the puzzle in ascending order



Acceptance Criteria:

1. Given the player arranged all seven numbers in ascending order 
   when the player click on eighth number 
   Then the Player should get a pop up saying "Congratualtions You won'

2. Given the Player click on any numbers from 1-8 
   When the diagnal cell is empty 
   Then the Player move not allowed

3. Given the 8 number puzzle 
   When the Player is moving cells
   Then one of the cell should be vacant

4. Given the 8 number puzzle 
   When 9 cells are present
   Then Player can continue playing the puzzle

5  Given the  8 number  Puzzle 
   When the player complete the puzzle
   Then player should get a report on number of moves that player attempted


Test cases


1. Execute the  Puzzle to validate all 9 cells are present
   Expected result - Vacant cell should be created as a ninth cell in 1-8 puzzle board
2. Execute the  Puzzle and  validate the presence of  blank cell 
   Expected result - Puzzle display with 9 cells including 1 blank cell 
3. Move the numbers in Puzzle  to ensure each number is moved adjacently and not to diagnally
4.Test all the 8 numbers are randomly arranges in Puzzle board
5.Test the puzzle result should be in ascending order
6.Test the puzzle after successfully completion of puzzle,player should get popup display as 'Congratulation you won'
7.Test  the number of moves display  once the puzzle game is successfully completed by player

